the length of graduate school depends primarily on what kind of program
you're in, so a master's degree usually takes 2 to 3 years, whereas
a PhD can take anywhere from four thio six, maybe even seven years.
Um, in the PhD, What's really going to determine the length of the
program is the type of research that you're engaged in. So if you are
doing research where the studies, you know are accomplished really
quickly, um, probably will not take you as long to finish your program.
Whereas if you're in a field where you know a single study could
take months, uh, up to a year, then it's probably going to take you
longer to finish your degree.